sister-in-law
Really, just listen to me
We don't want much.
I want your land and that equity
You gave it to us?
It's nothing. It's that simple.
You don't have to suffer
Your brother is a beast
You're not even a beast
Oops sister-in-law
You can't do this.
You say you are hard
Don't you think about what happened to Nini?
What do you do to Nini first?
Hey
Li Xian Li Xian
Ah!
Why are you here?
Nini, go save Nini, calm down
I just watched it.
Nini is not here
I'll get you out first
We are planning
No, I can't go out yet.
They must have sent Nini overseas
Only I can save Nini
No, your situation is too dangerous
I can't ask the mark.
You listen to me.
I'm not going out if I can't save Nini
If I die
You must rescue me
You go fast
It's up to you.
You go, glue it for me, you go, go, go